feat: Migrate to NEAR Lake (#326)
near/near-indexer-for-explorer: README.md

> # NEAR Indexer for Explorer

Author: Removed all (NEAR Indexer for Explorer) "Lake" suffixes as it no longer needs to be differentiated from the lake fork, it _is_ the lake fork 😄

Author: Removed:
* `Dockerfile`
* `.dockerignore`
* `CHANGELOG.md` (in root dir)

## Self-hosting

The final setup consists of the following components:
* PostgreSQL database (you can run it locally or in the cloud), which can hold the whole history of the blockchain (as of August 2022, mainnet takes 3TB of data in PostgreSQL storage, and testnet takes 1TB)

> * NEAR Indexer for Explorer binary that operates as a NEAR Lake Framework based indexer, it requires [AWS S3 credentials](https://near-indexers.io/tutorials/lake/credentials)

Reviewer: There is an ongoing process of merging the docs from near-indexers.io to docs.near.org I believe it's important for us to try to give direct links to docs.near.org for those docs already merged.

```suggestion
* NEAR Indexer for Explorer binary that operates as a NEAR Lake Framework based indexer, it requires [AWS S3 credentials](https://docs.near.org/tutorials/indexer/credentials)
```

$ cargo build --release
```

### Run NEAR Indexer for Explorer

Command to run NEAR Indexer for Explorer have to include the chain-id and start options:

You can choose NEAR Indexer for Explorer start options:
 - `from-latest` - start indexing blocks from the latest finalized block
 - `from-interruption` - start indexing blocks from the block NEAR Indexer was interrupted last time but earlier for `<number_of_blocks>` if provided
 - `from-block --height <block_height>` - start indexing blocks from the specific block height

> Unlike the original [NEAR Indexer for Explorer](https://github.com/near/near-indexer-for-explorer) you **can't** tell Indexer to store data from genesis (Accounts and Access Keys) by adding key `--store-genesis` to the `run` command. So please, ensure you took care about the genesis data in your database in order this indexer to work properly.

Reviewer: Could you please create a tracking issue about the implementation of the store genesis feature and reflect the information in this paragraph instead?

```

> TODO: Implement a tool to fill the database with the genesis data

Author: Removed this, created #327 for tracking the addition of this feature, and updated to Readme referencing this issue.

```

NEAR Indexer for Explorer works in strict mode by default, but you can disable it. The strict mode means that every piece of data

> will be retried to store to database in case of error. Errors may occur when the parent piece of data is still processed but the child piece is already trying to be stored. So Indexer keeps retrying to store the data until success. However, if you're running Indexer not from the genesis it is possible that you really miss some of parent data and it'll be impossible to store a child one, so you can disable strict mode to ensure you've passed the strong relation data area and you're running Indexer where it is impossible to loose any piece of data.

Reviewer: I wish some native speakers rephrase this paragraph to be understandable. I guess I've written it and I don't get a thing of it :(

Author: I tried my best, how's this?

---

NEAR Indexer for Explorer works in strict mode by default. In strict mode, the Indexer will ensure parent data exists before storing children, infinitely retrying until this condition is met. This is necessary as a parent (i.e. `block`) may still be processing while a child (i.e. `receipt`) is ready to be stored. This scenario will likely occur if you have not stored the genesis file or do not have all data prior to the block you start indexing from. In this case, you can disable strict mode to store data prior to the block you are concerned about, and then re-enable it once you have passed this block.

To disable strict mode provide the following command arugment:

```
--non-strict-mode
```

Author: I've already updated the `README.md` to include this, let me know if you're not happy with it.

Also including subheadings in this section to make things clearer.

Reviewer: Yes! Thank you! Much better that I've written for sure :)

To disable strict mode you need to provide:

```
--non-strict-mode
```

By default NEAR Indexer for Explorer processes only a single block at a time. You can adjust this with the `--concurrency` argument (when the blocks are mostly empty, it is fine to go with as many as 100 blocks of concurrency).

So final command to run NEAR Indexer for Explorer can look like:

```bash
$ ./target/release/indexer-explorer-lake \
  --non-strict-mode \
  --concurrency 1 \

>   from-latest

Reviewer: This command misses the chain id. Could you add it in the proper place, please?

Author: Done
